Okay, so topic on the gum it out.
Other things that you like, what do you think about the boy that came out of the camera?
No, not the animation.
The real person one.
yeah yeah
oh the (***) We like the boy better.
A human character? Actually, I like...
Those two other boys who's a friend with the main character.
They are brothers.
you know the young older brother and younger brother
who came and wanted to see.
They were the ones that the main characters shared the secret of the Gamera.
(***) that's why
I like the younger brother than the older brother.
yeah yeah that was a kind of little joke i like i like that girl too who's a neighbor
Who's her neighbor?
Yeah, but she was kind of funny too.
but funny thing about that movie is everybody
it was able to keep the secret yeah
Well, until the camera ran away or took off.
Why do you think he took off from the shed?
They need to grow and it was too little
Oh, do you think he was already sensing the... Really?
Was there any scene that indicates that?
Okay, okay.
So the little...
Yeah, so do you think
He was already ready to fight with the monster.
So my question is why the Godzilla, Gamera, compared to Godzilla?
likes to protect people when Godzilla just want to destroy them all.
So that's interesting.
mm mm
Yeah. Helped a little turtle at the end.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The very beginning of the movie.
And then that was the Gamera, supposedly.
so but so it was kind of one of those like returning the favor you think for the gamera
That's a little too much
That was kind of a little weird. Like he was chosen one for, I don't know.
But that was kind of one of those storylines.
yeah
Because that will actually give the power.
So it was kind of like one of those titans.
So they kind of be the strongest ones.
But the monsters, they did fight together to fight against Godzilla.
Because at the last scene, there's two...
Kaiju, I think the monsters came out.
and then fight against Godzilla, I mean, Gamera I think.
How was it? The last one who came out...
It's Gels and uh... the
The squid one.
Well, maybe they weren't really working together but they were...
Same episode?
They're not? Okay, maybe. I thought they were.
but it looks like they're constantly attacking
Yeah, got that idea.
yeah yeah yeah but so
The monsters basically were not really attacking Gamera, they were attacking the boy.
yeah so that's an agave that was protected
So that's why they eat people and they destroy people.
Okay, okay. Yeah.
That's why Gabera was there standing in the way.
from the masters to do what they were supposed to do.
(***)
so you think that um gamera was kind of knowing that it's a series
when he was protecting the world.
Because he was really focused on that particular boy, not the other boys.
So that was kind of interesting.
(***
You think the um Gamera was
Do you think Gamera really know what was going on?
yeah You think your gameta was kind of more of a...
you know it's  (***)
Think more when you're watching camera, I feel like
You have to think more when you're watching Gamera compared to Godzilla.
Gojira you just kind of do whatever he wants
yeah
So that's kind of how I think, but anyway.
So which one is your favorite character of Gamera as a person?
Yeah.
Oh.